add --lang option to tutorial fixes issue #173 (#174)
ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial: src/markdown/tutorial/part-1/01-orientation.md

## Creating a New Ember App with Ember CLI

> We can create a new project using Ember CLI's `new` command. It follows the pattern `ember new <project-name>`. In our case, the project name would be `super-rentals`. We also include a `--lang en` option. This sets our app's primary language to English which improves website [Accessibility](../../../accessibility/application-considerations/).

Reviewer: @fozy81 What do you think about:

```suggestion
We can create a new project using Ember CLI's `new` command. It follows the pattern `ember new <project-name>`. In our case, the project name would be `super-rentals`. We will also include a `--lang en` option. This sets our app's primary language to English and improves improves the website's [accessibility](../../../accessibility/application-considerations/).
```

?
